(GH-2187) Add Git module support for module management feature (#2264)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/managing_modules.md

- **Managed module installation directory:** Bolt now installs modules it
  manages into the `.modules/` directory instead of `modules/`. Avoid committing
  `.modules/` to source control. Your users can download your Bolt project and

>   use the `bolt module install` command to download the required modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  use the `bolt module install` *nix shell command, or `Install-BoltModule` cmdlet to download the required modules.
```

Install-BoltModule -Force
```

> ## Specify modules in a Bolt project

Reviewer: I think this is a little confusing if it comes before the "installing modules" section - unless we're expecting all users to manually specify their modules? Perhaps we can move it below that section?
```suggestion
## Manually specify modules in a Bolt project
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, you can use the Bolt command line to install a new module. 
However, there are times when you might want to manually specify a module
instead of using the Bolt command line. For example, you might 
want to add a git module, which is not supported through the command 
line, or you might want to add a large number of modules to your project 
at once and you don't want to string together multiple commands.
```
This is just to provide a little context between using `add` or manually specifying

project configuration file `bolt-project.yaml`. Specifications are listed
under the `modules` key, and include specific keys depending on the type
of module specified.

### Forge modules

To specify a Forge module, use the following keys in the specification:

| Key | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | :-: |
| `name` | The full name of the module. Can be either `<OWNER>-<NAME>` or `<OWNER>/<NAME>`. |	✓ |
| `version_requirement` | The version requirement that the module must satisfy. Can be either a specific semantic version (`1.0.0`), a version range (`>= 1.0.0 < 3.0.0`), or version shorthand (`1.x`).  |

The following example specifies the `puppetlabs/apache` Forge module with a
shorthand version requirement:

```yaml
modules:
  - name: puppetlabs/apache
    version_requirement: '5.x'
```

If you do not need to add a version requirement to a specification, you
can specify a Forge module using just the name of the module without using
the `name` key. For example:

```yaml
modules:
  - puppetlabs/apache
```

Bolt only supports installing Forge modules from the Puppet Forge. Private
Forges are not supported.

### Git modules

> To specify a Git module, use the following keys in the specification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify a git module, use the following keys in the specification:
```

| Key | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | :-: |
| `git` | The URI to the GitHub repository. URI must begin with either `https://github.com`or `git@github.com`. |	✓ |

> | `ref` | The Git reference to checkout. Can be either a branch, commit, or tag. | ✓ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ref` | The git reference to checkout. Can be either a branch, commit, or tag. | ✓ |
```

> The following example specifies the `puppetlabs/puppetlabs-puppetdb` Git module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example specifies the `puppetlabs/puppetlabs-puppetdb` git module
```

with a specific tag:

```yaml
modules:

>   - git: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-puppetdb'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - git: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-puppetdb
```

    ref: '7.0.0'
```

> Bolt only supports installing Git modules from GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bolt only supports installing git modules from GitHub.
```

## Install modules in a Bolt project

> After you've opted in, you can use the `bolt module add` and `bolt module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've opted in, you can install your modules from the Bolt command line.
```
Removing *nix-specific commands from intro

> install` commands to manage your modules. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Add a Forge module and its dependencies to an existing project

> To add a single Forge module and its dependencies to your Bolt project, use the
> `bolt module add` command. For example, to add the puppetlabs/apt module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a single Forge module and its dependencies to your Bolt project:
```

> `bolt module add` command. For example, to add the puppetlabs/apt module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bolt module add` *nix shell command or the `Add-BoltModule` Powershell cmdlet. 
For example, to add the puppetlabs/apt module:
```

Add-BoltModule -Module puppetlabs/apt
```

Bolt adds a specification to your project configuration file, resolves
dependencies, updates your project's Puppetfile, and installs the modules to the
project's `.modules` directory.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This command only works with Forge modules. To add a git module, [manually specify the module in your project configuration file](#git-modules).
```
